add disconnect handling note when using sqlalchemy against TiDB Serverless (#17286)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-sample-application-python-sqlalchemy.md

<SimpleTab>
<div label="TiDB Serverless">

> **Note:**
>

> > Currently TiDB Serverless clusters come with a limitation that if there is no active connections for 5 minutes, they will shutdown themselves and all connections will be closed. So when using SQLAlchemy against TiDB Serverless clusters, the pooled connections might get `OperationalError` like `Lost connection to MySQL server during query` or `MySQL Connection not available`. You can set `pool_recycle` parameter to `300` to avoid this. For more information about it, refer to [Dealing with Disconnects](https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/20/core/pooling.html#dealing-with-disconnects).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Currently, TiDB Serverless clusters have a limitation: if there are no active connections for 5 minutes, they will shut down, which closes all connections. Therefore, when using SQLAlchemy with TiDB Serverless clusters, pooled connections might encounter `OperationalError` such as `Lost connection to MySQL server during query` or `MySQL Connection not available`. To avoid this error, you can set the `pool_recycle` parameter to `300`. For more information, see [Dealing with Disconnects](https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/20/core/pooling.html#dealing-with-disconnects) in SQLAlchemy documentation.

```

<SimpleTab>
<div label="TiDB Serverless">

> **Note:**
>
> Currently, TiDB Serverless clusters have a limitation: if there are no active connections for 5 minutes, they will shut down, which closes all connections. Therefore, when using SQLAlchemy with TiDB Serverless clusters, pooled connections might encounter `OperationalError` such as `Lost connection to MySQL server during query` or `MySQL Connection not available`. To avoid this error, you can set the `pool_recycle` parameter to `300`. For more information, see [Dealing with Disconnects](https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/20/core/pooling.html#dealing-with-disconnects) in SQLAlchemy documentation.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
